README.md, before:

<div align = "center">
  
## Hey there, I'm Anna 👋
</div>

Full-Stack Software Developer, with Product experience in seed stage startups. Strong analytical background with hands-on experience in building and scaling software products. Ability to work independently and as a supportive team member. Passionate about listening to the user, leveraging data-driven insights and problem-solving.


## My Tech Stack 🛠
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/-JavaScript-F7DF1E?style=flat&logo=javascript&logoColor=black)
![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/-HTML5-E34F26?style=flat&logo=html5&logoColor=white)
![CSS3](https://img.shields.io/badge/-CSS3-1572B6?style=flat&logo=css3)
![Next.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Next.js-000000?style=flat&logo=nextdotjs)
![Express](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Express-000000?style=flat&logo=express)
![Node.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Node.js-339933?style=flat&logo=node.js&logoColor=white)
![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Git-F05032?style=flat&logo=git&logoColor=white)


<div align = "right">
  
#### Connect with me [on LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/anna-van-wingerden/)
</div>


## Public Github Stats  📊
[![Top Languages](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=annavanwingerden&langs_count=8&layout=compact)](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats)

## Check out my recent projects

| [![Save The Dinos](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/0df8debb-fbd2-4d00-ac3a-8deb51937c1c)](https://github.com/annavanwingerden/Save-The-Dinos) | [![LLG Meetup Page](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/49e87e22-d836-4421-8688-c374a9f0f67d)](https://github.com/annavanwingerden/llg-meetup-page) |
|---------------------------------|---------------------------------|
| **Save The Dinos** - A fun side-scroller game using vanilla JS,html and css | **LLG Meetup Page** - A dynamic event page for London Longboard Girls meetups |

# Hackathon builds
* April 2025: See how I used AI agents at the [Encode AI Hack](https://github.com/annavanwingerden/Learnly-Encode_Hackathon_Submission)
* May 2025: Check out my collaborate sudoku game app created using Temporal and Partykit for the [Web Dev Challenge](https://github.com/annavanwingerden/speed-sudoku)

## Currently exploring 🚀
* Tailwind.css to build modern designs without custom css
* React to create a more solid foundation of skills for next.js
* Supabase to see how I can use my SQL skills to build better applications


## 📚 Some of My Favorite Reads:
📖 [**Continuous Discovery Habits**](https://www.amazon.com/dp/1736633309) – Teresa Torres  
👩‍👩‍👧‍👧 [**The Mom Test**](https://www.momtestbook.com/) – Rob Fitzpatrick  
📰 [**First Round Review**](https://review.firstround.com/)

Commit message:

Revise README with new project details and focus
Updated project descriptions and added focus on Voice AI.

README.md, after:

<div align = "center">
  
## Hey there, I'm Anna 👋
</div>

Full-Stack Software Developer, with Product and Data experience in seed stage startups. Strong analytical background with hands-on experience in building and scaling software products. Ability to work independently and as a supportive team member. Passionate about listening to the user, leveraging data-driven insights and problem-solving.


## My Tech Stack 🛠
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/-JavaScript-F7DF1E?style=flat&logo=javascript&logoColor=black)
![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/-HTML5-E34F26?style=flat&logo=html5&logoColor=white)
![CSS3](https://img.shields.io/badge/-CSS3-1572B6?style=flat&logo=css3)
![Next.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Next.js-000000?style=flat&logo=nextdotjs)
![Express](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Express-000000?style=flat&logo=express)
![Node.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Node.js-339933?style=flat&logo=node.js&logoColor=white)
![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Git-F05032?style=flat&logo=git&logoColor=white)


<div align = "right">
  
#### Connect with me [on LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/anna-van-wingerden/)
</div>


## Public Github Stats  📊
[![Top Languages](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=annavanwingerden&langs_count=8&layout=compact)](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats)

## Recent projects

* Lovable but for mobile apps: Adorable 
* iOS Apps in Swift & React Native (Expo)
* Daily personalised podcast using an email server & Voice AI

Currently focused on Voice AI.

# Hackathon builds
* April 2025: See how I used AI agents at the [Encode AI Hack](https://github.com/annavanwingerden/Learnly-Encode_Hackathon_Submission)
* May 2025: Check out my collaborate sudoku game app created using Temporal and Partykit for the [Web Dev Challenge](https://github.com/annavanwingerden/speed-sudoku)

## Currently exploring 🚀
* Tailwind.css to build modern designs without custom css
* React to create a more solid foundation of skills for next.js
* Supabase to see how I can use my SQL skills to build better applications


## 📚 Some of My Favorite Reads:
📖 [**Continuous Discovery Habits**](https://www.amazon.com/dp/1736633309) – Teresa Torres  
👩‍👩‍👧‍👧 [**The Mom Test**](https://www.momtestbook.com/) – Rob Fitzpatrick  
📰 [**First Round Review**](https://review.firstround.com/)
